# Etch-A-Sketch
Project Etch-A-Sketch from The Odin Project

In this project, I will create a browser version of etch a sketch. This will be created using DOM manipulation and a grid of divs. The completed project should allow the user to customize how big they want thier canvas to be as well as draw whenever mouse is down. When drawing, the divs should change colors and progresively get darker. This project will display my current DOM manipulation skills as well as my CSS skills.

Reflection:

After finishing this project, I have learned and implemented many new things such as event delegation, the use of getComputedStyle, flag variables, dynamic DOM manipulation, clamping values, and much more. The development process took about 5 or so days but due to other factors, I didn't finish it until 2 weeks later. I struggled immensely on getting the program to draw only when the mouse is down. I also had a hard time working with the opacity changes. I misread the instructions and originally made it so the squares had their brightness slowly lowered but later changed it to opacity increasing. I relied a lot on ChatGPT and there were some parts where I asked it for the code. However I definately got more confident as I progressed and I slowly began to only use it for some slight code optimizations. In my next project, I want to completely make it by myself without relying on outside help when stuck. Overall, this project has taught me a lot and I have gained some much needed confidence after this. I rate the difficulty a 7/10. I also forgot to commit my code until the last day of development which is something I really need to work on.